{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Alvarenga, A.M.S.B., Borges, M.E., Jorge, L.R., Varassin, I.G., Ara\uc0\u250{}jo, S.B.L., 2022. Consumers\uc0\u8217{} active choice behaviour promotes coevolutionary units in antagonistic networks. Journal of Evolutionary Biology 35, 134\uc0\u8211{}145. https://doi.org/10.1111/jeb.13956\
Araujo, S.B.L., Borges, M.E., Jorge, L.R., Lewinsohn, T.M., Guimar\uc0\u227{}es, P.R., van Baalen, M., 2020. Coevolutionary patterns caused by prey selection. Journal of Theoretical Biology 110327. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jtbi.2020.110327\
Basset, Y., Jorge, L.R., Butterill, P.T., Lamarre, G.P.A., Dahl, C., Ctvrtecka, R., Gripenberg, S., Lewis, O.T., Barrios, H., Brown, J.W., Bunyavejchewin, S., Butcher, B.A., Cognato, A.I., Davies, S.J., Kaman, O., Klimes, P., Kn\uc0\u237{}\uc0\u382{}ek, M., Miller, S.E., Morse, G.E., Novotny, V., Pongpattananurak, N., Pramual, P., Quicke, D.L.J., Sakchoowong, W., Umari, R., Vesterinen, E.J., Weiblen, G., Wright, S.J., Segar, S.T., 2021. Host specificity and interaction networks of insects feeding on seeds and fruits in tropical rainforests. Oikos 130, 1462\uc0\u8211{}1476. https://doi.org/10.1111/oik.08152\
Bergamini, L.L., Lewinsohn, T.M., Jorge, L.R., Almeida-Neto, M., 2017. Manifold influences of phylogenetic structure on a plant-herbivore network. Oikos 126, 703\uc0\u8211{}712. https://doi.org/10.1111/oik.03567\
Brito, V.L.G. de, Leite, F.B., Jorge, L.R., Sazima, M., 2021. Distinct pollen release dynamics between stamens generate division of labour in pollen flowers of two Pleroma species (Melastomataceae). Flora 285, 151961. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.flora.2021.151961\
Brito, V.L.G., Leite, F.B., Telles, F.J., Jorge, L.R., Sazima, M., 2021. The attractive role of floral elements in heterantherous species without pronounced stamen differences. Arthropod-Plant Interactions 15, 23\uc0\u8211{}31. https://doi.org/10.1007/s11829-020-09794-1\
Butterill, P., Jorge, L.R., Xing, S., Fayle, T., 2021. LifeWebs: A (global) database of bipartite ecological interaction networks. Biodiversity Information Science and Standards. http://dx.doi.org/10.3897/biss.5.75626\
Faria, F.A., Perre, P., Zucchi, R.A., Jorge, L.R., Lewinsohn, T.M., Rocha, A., Torres, R. da S., 2014. Automatic identification of fruit flies (Diptera: Tephritidae). Journal of Visual Communication and Image Representation 25, 1516\uc0\u8211{}1527. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jvcir.2014.06.014\
Gossner, M.M., Lewinsohn, T.M., Kahl, T., Grassein, F., Boch, S., Prati, D., Birkhofer, K., Renner, S.C., Sikorski, J., Wubet, T., Arndt, H., Baumgartner, V., Blaser, S., Bl\uc0\u252{}thgen, N., B\uc0\u246{}rschig, C., Buscot, F., Diek\uc0\u246{}tter, T., Jorge, L.R., Jung, K., Keyel, A.C., Klein, A.-M., Klemmer, S., Krauss, J., Lange, M., M\uc0\u252{}ller, J., Overmann, J., Pa\uc0\u353{}ali\uc0\u263{}, E., Penone, C., Perovi\uc0\u263{}, D.J., Purschke, O., Schall, P., Socher, S.A., Sonnemann, I., Tschapka, M., Tscharntke, T., T\uc0\u252{}rke, M., Venter, P.C., Weiner, C.N., Werner, M., Wolters, V., Wurst, S., Westphal, C., Fischer, M., Weisser, W.W., Allan, E., 2016. Land-use intensification causes multitrophic homogenization of grassland communities. Nature 540, 266\uc0\u8211{}269. https://doi.org/10.1038/nature20575\
Jorge, L.R., Cordeiro-Estrela, P., Klaczko, L.B., Moreira, G.R.P., Freitas, A.V.L., 2011. Host-plant dependent wing phenotypic variation in the neotropical butterfly Heliconius erato. Biological Journal of the Linnean Society 102, 765\uc0\u8211{}774. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1095-8312.2010.01610.x\
Jorge, L.R., Novotny, V., Segar, S.T., Weiblen, G.D., Miller, S.E., Basset, Y., Lewinsohn, T.M., 2017. Phylogenetic trophic specialization: a robust comparison of herbivorous guilds. Oecologia 185, 551\uc0\u8211{}559. https://doi.org/10.1007/s00442-017-3980-7\
Jorge, L.R., Prado, P.I., Almeida-Neto, M., Lewinsohn, T.M., 2014. An integrated framework to improve the concept of resource specialisation. Ecol Lett 17, 1341\uc0\u8211{}1350. https://doi.org/10.1111/ele.12347\
Kik, A., Adamec, M., Aikhenvald, A.Y., Bajzekova, J., Baro, N., Bowern, C., Colwell, R.K., Drozd, P., Duda, P., Ibalim, S., Jorge, L.R., Mogina, J., Ruli, B., Sam, K., Sarvasy, H., Saulei, S., Weiblen, G.D., Zrzavy, J., Novotny, V., 2021. Language and ethnobiological skills decline precipitously in Papua New Guinea, the world\uc0\u8217{}s most linguistically diverse nation. PNAS 118. https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.2100096118\
Leal, C.R.O., Jorge, L.R., de Souza, A.P., Lewinsohn, T.M., Silva-Brand\uc0\u227{}o, K.L., 2020. Characterization of microsatellite loci for three species of Tomoplagia (Diptera: Tephritidae) and absence of cross-species amplification. Appl Entomol Zool. https://doi.org/10.1007/s13355-020-00706-6\
Leong, J.V., Jorge, L.R., Seifert, C.L., Volf, M., n.d. Quantity and specialisation matter: Effects of quantitative and qualitative variation in willow chemistry on resource preference in leaf-chewing insects. Insect Conservation and Diversity n/a. https://doi.org/10.1111/icad.12559\
Lewinsohn, T.M., Attayde, J.L., Fonseca, C.R., Ganade, G., Jorge, L.R., Kollmann, J., Overbeck, G.E., Prado, P.I., Pillar, V.D., Popp, D., others, 2015. Ecological literacy and beyond: Problem-based learning for future professionals. Ambio 44, 154\uc0\u8211{}162. https://doi.org/10.1007/s13280-014-0539-2\
M\uc0\u228{}ntyl\uc0\u228{}, E., Jorge, L.R., Koane, B., Sam, K., Segar, S.T., Volf, M., Weinhold, A., Novotny, V., 2022. Ficus trees with upregulated or downregulated defence did not impact predation on their neighbours in a tropical rainforest. Arthropod-Plant Interactions. https://doi.org/10.1007/s11829-022-09892-2\
Nobre, P.A.F., Bergamini, L.L., Lewinsohn, T.M., Jorge, L.R., Almeida-Neto, M., 2016. Host-Plant Specialization Mediates the Influence of Plant Abundance on Host Use by Flower Head-Feeding Insects. Environmental Entomology 45, 171\uc0\u8211{}177. https://doi.org/10.1093/ee/nvv177\
Perre, P., Faria, F.A., Jorge, L.R., Rocha, A., Torres, R.S., Souza-Filho, M.F., Lewinsohn, T.M., Zucchi, R.A., 2016. Toward an Automated Identification of Anastrepha Fruit Flies in the fraterculus group (Diptera, Tephritidae). Neotrop Entomol 45, 554\uc0\u8211{}558. https://doi.org/10.1007/s13744-016-0403-0\
Perre, P., Jorge, L.R., Lewinsohn, T.M., Zucchi, R.A., 2014. Morphometric differentiation of fruit fly pest species of the Anastrepha fraterculus group (Diptera: Tephritidae). Annals of the Entomological Society of America 107, 490\uc0\u8211{}495. https://doi.org/10.1603/AN13122\
Pinheiro, R., Jorge, L.R., Lewinsohn, T., 2021. Classification of Biological Interactions: Challenges in the field and in analysis. Biodiversity Information Science and Standards 148\uc0\u8211{}159. http://dx.doi.org/10.3897/biss.5.74375\
Rech, A.R., Achkar, M.T., Jorge, L.R., Armbruster, W.S., Almeida, O.J.G., 2020. The functional roles of 3D heterostyly and floral visitors in the reproductive biology of Turnera subulata (Turneroideae: Passifloraceae). Flora 264, 151559. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.flora.2020.151559\
Rech, A.R., Jorge, L.R., Ollerton, J., Sazima, M., 2018. Pollinator availability, mating system and variation in flower morphology in a tropical savanna tree. Acta Botanica Brasilica 32, 462\uc0\u8211{}472. https://doi.org/10.1590/0102-33062018abb0220\
Rech, A.R., Ollerton, J., Dalsgaard, B., R\uc0\u233{} Jorge, L., Sandel, B., Svenning, J.-C., Baronio, G.J., Sazima, M., 2021. Population-level plant pollination mode is influenced by Quaternary climate and pollinators. Biotropica 53, 632\uc0\u8211{}642. https://doi.org/10.1111/btp.12905\
Redmond, C.M., Auga, J., Gewa, B., Segar, S.T., Miller, S.E., Molem, K., Weiblen, G.D., Butterill, P.T., Maiyah, G., Hood, A.S.C., Volf, M., Jorge, L.R., Basset, Y., Novotn\uc0\u253{}, V., 2019. High specialization and limited structural change in plant-herbivore networks along a successional chronosequence in tropical montane forest. Ecography 42, 162\uc0\u8211{}172. https://doi.org/10.1111/ecog.03849\
Resende Braga, M., Jorge, L.R., Jahn, A.E., Loyola, R., Varela, S., 2022. Future climate change will impact the migration of New World migrant flycatchers (Tyrannidae). Ornithol. Res. 30, 63\uc0\u8211{}74. https://doi.org/10.1007/s43388-022-00081-6\
Sam, K., Kovarova, E., Freiberga, I., Uthe, H., Weinhold, A., Jorge, L.R., Sreekar, R., 2021. Great tits (Parus major) flexibly learn that herbivore-induced plant volatiles indicate prey location: An experimental evidence with two tree species. Ecology and Evolution 11, 10917\uc0\u8211{}10925. https://doi.org/10.1002/ece3.7869\
Sanz-Veiga, P.A., R\uc0\u233{} Jorge, L., Benitez-Vieyra, S., Amorim, F.W., 2017. Pericarpial nectary-visiting ants do not provide fruit protection against pre-dispersal seed predators regardless of ant species composition and resource availability. PLOS ONE 12, e0188445. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0188445\
Seifert, C.L., Jorge, L.R., Volf, M., Wagner, D.L., Lamarre, G.P.A., Miller, S.E., Gonzalez-Akre, E., Anderson-Teixeira, K.J., Novotn\uc0\u253{}, V., 2021. Seasonality affects specialisation of a temperate forest herbivore community. Oikos 130, 1450\uc0\u8211{}1461. https://doi.org/10.1111/oik.08265\
Seifert, C.L., Lamarre, G.P.A., Volf, M., Jorge, L.R., Miller, S.E., Wagner, D.L., Anderson-Teixeira, K.J., Novotn\uc0\u253{}, V., 2020a. Vertical stratification of a temperate forest caterpillar community in eastern North America. Oecologia 192, 501\uc0\u8211{}514. https://doi.org/10.1007/s00442-019-04584-w\
Seifert, C.L., Volf, M., Jorge, L.R., Abe, T., Carscallen, G., Drozd, P., Kumar, R., Lamarre, G.P.A., Libra, M., Losada, M.E., Miller, S.E., Murakami, M., Nichols, G., Pyszko, P., \uc0\u352{}igut, M., Wagner, D.L., Novotn\uc0\u253{}, V., 2020b. Plant phylogeny drives arboreal caterpillar assemblages across the Holarctic. Ecology and Evolution 10, 14137\uc0\u8211{}14151. https://doi.org/10.1002/ece3.7005\
Volf, M., Volfov\uc0\u225{}, T., Seifert, C.L., Ludwig, A., Engelmann, R.A., Jorge, L.R., Richter, R., Schedl, A., Weinhold, A., Wirth, C., van Dam, N.M., 2022. A mosaic of induced and non-induced branches promotes variation in leaf traits, predation and insect herbivore assemblages in canopy trees. Ecology Letters 25, 729\uc0\u8211{}739. https://doi.org/10.1111/ele.13943\
}